# TCSS305

[Assignemnt Name]

[Your Name]

Autumn 202[Y]

## Assignment Overview
[Describe your understanding of the purpose and scope of the assignment
in 250 words or less. The word count is not strict, so don't worry about
going slightly over. Do not just copy text from the assignment description.]

## Technical Impression:
[Describe what you have done to complete the assignment in 200-500 words.
The word count is not strict, so don't worry about going slightly over;
however, summaries that do not meet the minimum length requirement or
are trivial in nature (representing little thought or effort) will not
get full credit. You can share your personal experiences, things that
particularly frustrated you about the assignment, things that particularly
interested you about the assignment, etc. It is especially important that
you document any difficulties you had with tools, Java libraries, etc.]

## Unresolved problems in my submission:
[Use this space to list problems which you know exist in your submission.
This could include program features which you did not have time to implement,
bugs in your code, warnings generated by the tools which you did not
understand or did not have time to correct, or other issues. I give a
reduced grade penalty for problems which I find in your submission that
are listed here and a larger penalty for those which are not. Just say
'none' if there are no issues that you are aware of.]

## Citations and Collaborations:
[Use this space to cite sources of code used in completing this assignment.
If you use code from Stack Overflow , GitHub, or an other source, link to
the page here. If you worked with a fellow student or lab mentor, please
state the student’s name and discuss the nature of your collaboration.]

## Questions:
[Use this space to ask questions that you still have about the assignment,
or just say 'none' if you have no questions at this time.]
